Feature/157 breakup builtins (#162)
stelligent/config-lint: docs/terraform.md

config-lint -rules <CUSTOM_RULE_YML_FILE> <FILE_OR_DIRECTORY_OF_TF_FILES>
```

You can specify the -rules option multiple times if you have multiple custom rule files. It is also possible to specify both the -terraform option as well as one or more -rules options, if you want the built-in rules as well as some custom rules.

### Categories

The default category for resources that can be linter is "resource", which covers the most common use case. This is for things like aws_instances, or s3_buckets, etc. But there are some additional categories available for Terraform linting. The current list of supported categories is:

* resource
* data
* provider
* module

### Rule Structure

> Rules are divided into their respective resource directory starting under `assets/terraform`. Each rule is organized following the same tiered directory structure `{ Provider }} / {{ Major Family }} / {{ Resource Name }} / {{ Rule Name }} / rule.yml` where Major Family and Resource Name follow the same naming conventions defined by Terraform. For example, `cli/assets/terraform/aws/elastic_load_balancing/elb/access_logs_enabled/rule.yml`. The rule configuration itself must be named `rule.yml`.

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to have the same example here that matches the tree structure that you show below.

```suggestion
Rules are divided into their respective resource directory starting under `assets/terraform`. Each rule is organized following the same tiered directory structure `{ Provider }} / {{ Major Family }} / {{ Resource Name }} / {{ Rule Name }} / rule.yml` where Major Family and Resource Name follow the same naming conventions defined by Terraform. For example, `cli/assets/terraform/aws/batch/batch_job_definition/container_properties_privileged/rule.yml`. The rule configuration itself must be named `rule.yml`.
```
